chore: simplify README to focus on pre-commit setup (#44)
shenxianpeng/jenkinsfilelint: README.md

## Quick Start

Add the hook to your `.pre-commit-config.yaml`, then install.

### Remote mode (with a Jenkins server)

```yaml
# .pre-commit-config.yaml
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkinsfilelint

>     rev: v1.4.0   # or use the latest release

Author: ```suggestion
    rev: # use the latest or a specific version, e.g. v1.4.0
```

pre-commit install
```

### Local mode (with Docker, no Jenkins server needed)

```yaml
# .pre-commit-config.yaml
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkinsfilelint

>     rev: v1.4.0

Author: ```suggestion
    rev: # use the latest or a specific version, e.g. v1.4.0
```
